Why should we take public transport? 
What should you do when you see a vulnerable commuter e.g., Visually-impaired, deaf, senior, pregnant lady? Select all that apply.
"What should you do when you see someone wearing the 'May I have a seat please?' card and lanyard?"
"What should you do when you see someone wearing the 'Alert me when I am approaching my stop' card and lanyard?"
"Why is being caring on public transport important? Select all that apply"
What should you do when you see someone put their bags on the seats?
What are the Four Caring Norms you should show on public transport? Select all that apply
Is the Heart Zone one of the places  at MRT stations and bus interchanges for commuters to give and receive help?
What should you do if you see someone who needs help using Heartwheels @ Linkway wheelchairs?
What should you NOT do when you see a vulnerable commuter e.g, commuter with physical disability, holding a cane, pregnant etc?
What are the three As on how to help someone? Select all that apply
Do all pregnant ladies have big stomachs?
What should you do when you see a pregnant lady or suspect a woman is pregnant?
What should you do when you see young children (below 6 years old) on the train?
Do all commuters with vision problems completely not see?
What does a white cane mean?
What does a white cane with red bottom mean?
What should you do when you see a visually impaired commuter? 
Do all blind commuters wear sunglasses?
How many active guide dogs are there in Singapore?
How do you guide someone who is blind?
What should you do when you see a commuter wearing a hearing aid? [insert image of hearing aid]
Do all deaf commuters know/use sign language?
Do all deaf commuters wear hearing aids? [insert image of a hearing aid]
How do you communicate someone who is deaf/cannot hear properly? Select all that apply.
What should you do when you see a wheelchair user who is struggling?
What should you do when you see a commuter with physical disabilty e.g., using crutches, on a wheelchair?
Can you hang your belongings on a wheelchair user's wheelchair?
Do all commuters with physical disabilities use a wheelchair?
What do you call a commuter in a wheelchair?
True or False? "Some people with Intellectual Disability can travel on public transport on their own."
What should you do if  you see someone with Intellectual Disability queueing up for the bus or train?
True or False? "Commuters with Intellectual Disability always behave strangely."
What should you do if you see a commuter with Intellectual Disability who is lost?
Should you call someone with Intellectual Disability stupid if they don't understand you?
What should you do when someone with Autism is stimming e.g., rocking back and forth, talking loudly? Select all that apply
What main problem do commuters with Autism face?
What should you do if you identify someone with Autism queueing up for the bus or train?
What should you do if you observe someone having a meltdown e.g. screaming, crying, waving their hands etc.?
Do commuters with Autism look like everyone else? 
What should you do if you see a commuter with Autism who is lost?
What should you do if you see a commuter with dementia/elderly commuter that is lost?
How do you know someone has dementia? Select all that apply
Someone approaches you for help but you're not sure how to help them. What should you do?
You see a commuter behaving oddly e.g., talking to themselves. What should you do?
Are all medical conditions visible?
You notice someone has fainted. What should you do?
You notice someone looks weak, tired or in pain. What should you do? Select all that apply
What are some examples of invisible medical conditions? Select all that apply 
Do only old commuters have health issues?